PR: Improve phrasing for the projects docs (#214)
spyder-ide/spyder-docs: doc/projects.rst

Projects
########

> Spyder allows you to associate a given directory with a **Project**, which automatically saves and restores your :doc:`editor` panes and open files to exactly how you left them in your last session.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Spyder allows you to associate a given directory with a **Project**, which automatically saves and restores your :doc:`editor` open files to exactly how you left them in your last session.
```

I don't think it's necessary to mention the editor panes at this point.

Reviewer 2: In fact, the wording is incorrect (should be panels, not panes); probably my original mistake. Revising the text some accordingly (still not sure I 100% like it, but eh):

```suggestion
Spyder allows you to associate a given directory with a **Project**, which automatically saves and restores the files you have open in the :doc:`editor` from the last time you opened that project.
```

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

Not sure if this will remove reliably, but worth a shot.

> With the :ref:`Project <project-explorer>` pane, you can browse all your project's files, regardless of your current working directory or :doc:`fileexplorer` location.

Reviewer: There's a line break between the previous sentence and this one:

![Selección_077](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/365293/102674698-dae66780-4164-11eb-9a06-d82f7d5d6d03.png)

I think it should be removed.

Reviewer 2: Made a suggestion to remove it (hopefully).

Reviewer 2: Fixed now.

(Screenshot of Spyder with project explorer and projects menu)

> In addition, your project's root folder is used to set your working directory, and automatically added to the ``PYTHONPATH``, so you can easily ``import`` and work with any modules and packages you create.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In addition, your project's root folder is used to set your working directory, and automatically added to the ``PYTHONPATH``, so you can easily ``import`` and work with any modules and packages you create as part of it.
```

Small clarification.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In addition, your project's root folder is used to set your working directory, and automatically added to the ``PYTHONPATH``, so you can easily ``import`` and work with any modules and packages you create inside of it.
```

Its not explicit what "as part of it" means with respect to their project, and in any case the "it" here refers to the working directory, so this clarifies that.

.. note::

   Projects are completely optional and not imposed on users.

>    All of Spyder' functionality (session saving, File Explorer, working directory, etc) is available without creating a :guilabel:`Project`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   All of Spyder' functionality (code completion, session saving, File Explorer, working directory, etc) is available without creating a :guilabel:`Project`.
```

Just adding one more feature to the list that it's very important to people.

Reviewer 2: The intent here was to list the functionality that has some relationship to projects, not arbitrary Spyder features, but eh.

==================
Creating a Project
==================

> To create a :guilabel:`Project`, click the :guilabel:`New Project` entry in the :guilabel:`Projects` menu, choose whether you'd like to associate a :guilabel:`Project` with an existing directory or make a new one, and enter the :guilabel:`Project`'s name and path:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To create a :guilabel:`Project`, click the :guilabel:`New Project` entry in the :guilabel:`Projects` menu, choose whether you'd like to associate a :guilabel:`Project` with an existing directory or make a new one, and enter the :guilabel:`Project`'s name and path.
```

Projects
########

Spyder allows you to associate a given directory with a **Project**, which automatically saves and restores the files you have open in the :doc:`editor` from the last time you opened that project.
With the :ref:`Project <project-explorer>` pane, you can browse all your project's files, regardless of your current working directory or :doc:`fileexplorer` location.

.. image:: images/projects/projects-main.png
   :alt: Spyder showing Project Explorer and projects menu

> 

Reviewer 2: Reminder for rebase: yet another spurious line break after an image.

Reviewer 2: Fixed in the rebase.

In addition, your project's root folder is used to set your working directory, and automatically added to the ``PYTHONPATH``, so you can easily ``import`` and work with any modules and packages you create inside of it.

.. note::

   Projects are completely optional and not imposed on users.
   All of Spyder' functionality (code completion, session saving, File Explorer, working directory, etc) is available without creating a :guilabel:`Project`.

==================
Creating a Project
==================

To create a :guilabel:`Project`, click the :guilabel:`New Project` entry in the :guilabel:`Projects` menu, choose whether you'd like to associate a :guilabel:`Project` with an existing directory or make a new one, and enter the :guilabel:`Project`'s name and path.

> .. image:: images/projects/projects-new.gif

Reviewer 2: I suggest creating a project in an existing directory, so that something is actually shown in the projects pane.

Author: There is a screenshot above with content on it, but as a new user probably you wouldn’t have any content. Let’s see what @ccordoba12 thinks

Reviewer: * I agree with @CAM-Gerlach. You usually want to set a project for an existing directory.
* Also, @juanis2112 please make the Projects pane wider before creating the new project. That way the pane won't appear with such an small width in the gif.
* By the way, not setting a minimal width for the pane is a bug that we need to solve. So, could you open an issue about it so we don't forget to do it for 4.2.2? Thanks!

Reviewer 2: Agree with all; was going to mention it was rather narrow but didn't know about changing the (overly narrow) default.

Reviewer 2: Looks like to me that everything here is resolved and the GIF looks great, so this should be good to go.

Reviewer: Agreed.

With the :ref:`Project <project-explorer>` pane, you can browse all your project's files, regardless of your current working directory or :doc:`fileexplorer` location.

.. image:: images/projects/projects-main.png
   :alt: Spyder showing Project Explorer and projects menu

In addition, your project's root folder is used to set your working directory, and automatically added to the ``PYTHONPATH``, so you can easily ``import`` and work with any modules and packages you create inside of it.

.. note::

   Projects are completely optional and not imposed on users.
   All of Spyder' functionality (code completion, session saving, File Explorer, working directory, etc) is available without creating a :guilabel:`Project`.

==================
Creating a Project
==================

To create a :guilabel:`Project`, click the :guilabel:`New Project` entry in the :guilabel:`Projects` menu, choose whether you'd like to associate a :guilabel:`Project` with an existing directory or make a new one, and enter the :guilabel:`Project`'s name and path.

.. image:: images/projects/projects-new.gif
   :alt: Spyder showing opening a new project 

.. _project-explorer:

> ==========================

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
=======================
```

Somehow I missed this, failing the build.

Using the Project Explorer
==========================

Once a :guilabel:`Project` is opened, the :guilabel:`Project` pane is shown, presenting a tree view of the current :guilabel:`Project`'s files and directories.

> This pane allows you to perform all the same operations as a regular Spyder :doc:`fileexplorer`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This pane allows you to perform all the same operations you can do in the :doc:`fileexplorer` pane.
```

This sentence sounds odd to me, so I rephrased it to be simpler.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
It allows you to perform all the same operations as Spyder's :doc:`fileexplorer` pane.
```

Fix grammar/phrasing and avoid repetition

> Using the Project Explorer
> ==========================

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Using the Projects Pane
=======================
```

Missed this on the first pass.

Working with version control
============================

The :guilabel:`Project` pane, like :doc:`fileexplorer`, has basic integration with the `Git`_ distributed version control system.

> You can commit or browse a file, directory or the entire repository via the commands in the context menu.

Reviewer: Perhaps we should add a screenshot or gif below this to display the functionality we're talking about? It seems missing to me.

Reviewer 2: We discussed this at some length; I originally described this functionality in more detail here since there is so little to talk about with regard to the Projects pane and Git repos have some relationship to projects, but I forgot about it when we were doing the Files pane docs and we ended up talking about it there instead, where we already have a GIF that shows exactly this. While ideally we would have had that here instead, now that pane is already done I see little value in duplicating it again here, other than a brief mention of this support.

Reviewer 2: @ccordoba12 Any final thoughts on this?

Reviewer: I suggest to add a link to the [File operations](http://docs.spyder-ide.org/current/fileexplorer.html#file-operations) section of `Files`, also telling people to look at the end of it to see how git operations work.

Or for a simpler way to reference this, we could create a new section in `Files` called `Git operations` and link directly to it from here.

Reviewer 2: Okay, I'll have to do that as a commit. Standby.

Reviewer 2: Because I have to rebase it anyway as it wasn't branched from the latest master, and thus the `Files` pane doc needs a rebase anyway, I'll just do the rebase along with the change as part of the rebase, and if it looks good we can be ready to merge.

Reviewer 2: Done.

Reviewer: Great! As just took a look at your changes in Netlify and they're exactly what i expected. Thanks!
